Docs-4214 Update General Settings Articles (#1556)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALETutorials/SystemSettings/GeneralSettings/GeneralSettings.md

### Configuring HTTPS Options

To allow configuring a non-standard port to access the GUI over HTTPS, enter a port number in the **Web Interface HTTPS Port** field.

Select the cryptographic protocols for securing client/server connections from the **HTTPS Protocols** dropdown list. Select the [Transport Layer Security (TLS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transport_Layer_Security) versions TrueNAS SCALE can use for connection security.

To redirect HTTP connections to HTTPS, select **Web Interface HTTP -> HTTPS Redirect**. A GUI SSL Certificate is required for HTTPS. 
Activating this also sets the [HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_Strict_Transport_Security) maximum age to 31536000 seconds (one year). 
This means that after a browser connects to the web interface for the first time, the browser continues to use HTTPS and renews this setting every year. 
A warning displays when setting this function. Setting HTTPS redirects can have unintended consequences if an app does not support secure connections. 

> If this occurs, to reset, clear this option and click Save. Then clear the browser cache before trying to connect to the app again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this occurs, to reset, clear this option and click **Save**. Then clear the browser cache before trying to connect to the app again.
```

To send failed HTTP request data which can include client and server IP addresses, failed method call tracebacks, and middleware log file contents to iXsystems, select **Crash Reporting**.

### Sending Usage Statistics to iXsystems
To send anonymous usage statistics to iXsystems, select the **Usage Collection** option.

### Showing Console Messages
To display console messages in real time at the bottom of the browser, select the **Show Console Messages** option.

## Localizing TrueNAS SCALE

To change the WebUI on-screen language and set the keyboard to work with the selected language, click **Settings** on the **System Settings > General > Localization** widget. The **Localization Settings** configuration screen opens.

Select the language from the **Language** dropdown list, and then the keyboard layout in **Console Keyboard Map**.

Enter the time zone in **Timezone** and then select the local date and time formats to use.

Click **Save**.

## Adding NTP Servers 

> The **NTP Servers** widget allows user to configure Network Time Protocol (NTP) servers, that sync the local system time with an accurate external reference. By default, new installations use several existing NTP servers. TrueNAS SCALE supports adding custom NTP servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **NTP Servers** widget allows users to configure Network Time Protocol (NTP) servers. These sync the local system time with an accurate external reference. By default, new installations use several existing NTP servers. TrueNAS SCALE supports adding custom NTP servers.
```
